


IPPD(1)                   User Commands                   IPPD(1)



NAME
     ippd - Internet Poker Protocol server

SYNOPSIS
     ippd [-port PORT] [-nodisplay] [-size large|small]
	  [-cardsspeak] [GAME [PARMS]]

DESCRIPTION
     This program launches  the  Internet  Poker  Protocol  (IPP)
     server. See the HTML documentation for details of the proto-
     col. All message traffic is logged to standard output.

     The GAME parameter specifies what game  to  play.  The  only
     currently supported GAME specification is:

                      HOLDEM low high maxraises

     where low and high are the low and high limits for the game,
     respectively,  and maxraises is the number of raises allowed
     per betting round. By default, the server will play  a  game
     of  10/20  Texas Hold 'Em with a maximum of three raises per
     betting round.

     The server waits for players to connect before the  starting
     the  game.   If running with a display, the ``Start'' button
     will start the game.  If  running  without  a  display,  the
     server waits to read a Return from its standard input before
     starting.

OPTIONS
     -port PORT
          Specifies an alternate TCP port on which to accept con-
          nections. The default is port 9898.

     -nodisplay
          Specifies that the server should run  ``faceless.''  In
          this  case, the game must be started by typing a Return
          on the server's standard input. The default is to use a
          graphical display.

     -size large|small
          Specifies the size of the graphical display, if one  is
          enabled.  The  large  display  is  more  readable,  but
          several small displays will fit on a single workstation
          screen.

     -cardsspeak
          If given, specifies that the server should simply  com-
          pute  the winner of each hand rather than doing a show-
          down using IPP messages. The default  is  to  have  the
          showdown.




U of Rochester      Last change: 13 Oct 1998                    1






IPPD(1)                   User Commands                   IPPD(1)



SEE ALSO
     ipphuman(1), ippplayer(1).

BUGS
     The determination of how much a player who has tapped out is
     ``in  for''  is  not exactly as described in the rules. How-
     ever, it's not too bad, and the rest of  the  algorithm  for
     resolving ties is implemented.

     Timing out clients  who don't respond is not yet implemented.
     Clients who  send too many  consecutive unacceptable messages
     are disconnected from the game.

AUTHOR
     George Ferguson (ferguson@cs.rochester.edu).









































U of Rochester      Last change: 13 Oct 1998                    2



